omer.benmoshe
roip500

Our design for the ex was the following:
1. our main class, sJavac read the file twice. the first time it checked the
   global variables, the scopes (making sure that all the scopes get closed and that we finish
   in scope 0) and makes a list of all the methods that were created in the file.
   the second read goes into the methods and checks that all the variables are used correctly,
   that the if\while statements are legal and that all the calls to and inside a method are legal.
   if any check ius false then an error is thrown. the class will catch the error and print to with
   the line where the error happened.
2. We created 3 classes, each one checking the properties of its kind:
   a - Variables: holds a list of hashmaps where each cell in the list is a scope, and the
                  hashmap holds all the variables in the scope (the key is the name of the variable,
                  and the value is a class called VarInfo which holds the information regarding the
                  variable). the class checks everything to do with the variables.
   b - Methods: holds a hashmap where the key is the name of the method and the value is the list of
                variables the method needs to get.
   c - WhileIf: checks that the if and while statements are legal and that the values given are legal
                values.
   each class has its own class of exceptions that are designed so the message will be in a form of a
   tree of information.

the tests we created:
1 -
2 -
3 -
4 -
5 -
6 -
7 -
8 -
9 -
10 -
11 -
12 -
13 -
14 -
15 -
16 -
17 -
18 -
19 -
20 -

the questions:
6.1 - As we wrote above we handled the errors by throwing exceptions from the 3 classes to the
      main class, which then caught it and printed them out with the line and it number. this
      helped simplify the presses cause throwing the exception minimized the usage of returning
      values and allows our code to be more efficient.
6.2.1 - how would we modify our code to add new types of variables?
        Because we created a class for each type of object in the s-java file so any new variable
        will be added to the Variable class.
        the first step would be to clarify the legal way to write a value of such type, and that
        would allow us to write a regex that would be able to state whether or not the object fits
        the type. the we will need to add a case to our function "checkIfValueIsTheRightType" which
        is the only function that checks if a value if from a specific type.
        all the rest of the code is generic to the types of values so there is no need to change any
        of it.
6.2.2 - how would we implement Different methods’ return types?
        the return type is part of the description of the method, so we would need to change the method
        hashmap from having a list of variables as a value to having

